[WIP] Migration to 4.2 instructions (#963)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/upgrade/pages/server-y-yast.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> Before upgrading from {productname} 4.1 to 4.2 or 4.0 to 4.2, ensure you do not have any unpublished packages.

Reviewer: We dropped "unpublisched patches" in 4.1. So this note apply only when directly updating from 4.0 to 4.2.
4.1 to 4.2 is not affected.

> Before upgrading from {productname} 4.1 to 4.2 or 4.0 to 4.2, ensure you do not have any unpublished packages.

Author: ```suggestion
In case of upgrading from {productname} 4.0 to 4.2, ensure you do not have any unpublished packages.
```

// I've removed the graphical option, because we tell people to use a text console. LKB 2019-08-21
. Select the appropriate target, and follow the prompts to complete the migration.
. Reboot the server.
. When rebooted the {productname} spacewalk services are not running until you have migrated the PostgreSQL database to version{nbsp}13.
. Log in on the text console as root.
If you are upgrading from 4.1 to 4.2, run the database migration script:
+
----
/usr/lib/susemanager/bin/pg-migrate-12-to-13.sh
----
. If you are upgrading from 4.0 to 4.2, run the database migration scripts:
+
----
/usr/lib/susemanager/bin/pg-migrate-10-to-12.sh

> /usr/lib/susemanager/bin/pg-migrate-12-to-13.sh

Reviewer: Oh, oh. I think this is not possible. Maybe we miss a migration script for this case.
To migrate a DB you need to have both installed. In this case it would require to have 10, 12 and 13 installed.
I fear 12 may not be available.

This should be checked by a developer. @jordimassaguerpla ?
